Trento 2.5 update (#221)
SUSE/doc-unversioned: trento/adoc/trento-activity-log.adoc

* A message: type of the occurred event or user action
* The user that triggered the event or performed the action. User system
is used for events triggered by the system itself.

> * Severity status (Info, Warning, and Critical are the defaults)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Severity status (Info, Warning, and Critical are selected by default)
```

* User deletions
* Profile updates

The Activity Log features a privacy-related access level controlled through the

> _activity_logusers_ permission. For users without this permission, user-related

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_activity_log:users_ permission. For users without this permission, user-related
```
